Install CCF on AzureVM (#4502)
microsoft/CCF: getting_started/README.md

# Running CCF on a virtual machine

> This folder contains two separate ways of creating a Virtual Machine to run CCF. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains two separate ways of setting up a development environment for CCF itself and apps.
```

1. [azure_vm](./azure_vm/README.md) provides an opinionated way of creating a Virtual Machine on Azure and install CCF for you by cloud-init.

> 1. setup_vm assumes you have cloned this repository onto your destination Virtual Machine and provides Ansible scripts to setup your VM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `setup_vm` assumes that a bare environment is already available (VM or container) and provides Ansible scripts to setup the development environment by either cloning this repository or installing the CCF Debian package
```
